#  Introduction

Shenanigan is built by athlets for athtletes to bring a different perspective to your everyday life.

Shenanigan provides a competitive and motivating platform for athletes of all types utilizing fiscal incentives to drive personal improvement. We are doing this because we believe that athletes should be payed for the hard work that the put in to train and hone their craft. 

Althletes spend many hours of their time, sacrificing relationships, time with friends and family to be able to take their game to the next level. Some are able to make it into that 1 percent of " Profossional" play but most follow their sport to a point then stop because life gets in the way. Well what if we offered a way to be able to continue your sport and gain a little something out of it. To achieve this Shenanigan has developed a platform for you to showcase your skills and talents to wager them against others. This is done by having a community of your pears and sometimes adversaries to judge the challenge that has been set. The Ions(users) will charge the Particles(streamer) based on if they are for or against them.

Shenanigan wants to be very transparent with what our goals and intentions are so that you know what to expect going forward. We want everyone from contributors,fans, streamers,  to someone just wanting to learn to feel immersed with in our environment and be able to understand from the ground up who and what Shenanigan is. We have open sourced 50 percent of our net code so that anyone from different frame works of life can use their skills to help beter and improve our project. Know a thing or two about graphic design, set our some pallets for everyone to check out and see what they like. Master coder ? Help craft and add to the website to fine tune the layout. 

The best way to become apart of our group is to join our discord https://discord.gg/7qzae4. In our discourd you will be able to meet and get to know your fellow allies and one day maybe advesaries. You can see first hand the progress and growth that Shenanigan is and will go through. As i said above we have open sourced our code so that anyone can contribute to the growh and development of the platform. This contribution will net you a stock percent of shenanigan as a whole for the contribution that you have made. From being active in discord conversations, helping in anyway with the proogram itself or just being active will earn you stock in shenanigan itself. We want to be built by the community for the community so that you know we are taking care of the things that you want and are something that you would trust. Shenanigan is a communiy based around like minds who want to push each other and themselves to be better than they are each day. Even though someone may be against you one day the next day you could be best friends because to we are SHE.
